fern/docs/contents/developer-guides.mdx, before:

# Requirements

## System Requirements

Before you start, make sure you have the following applications and their minimum versions installed, in addition to Node.js and yarn (as mentioned earlier):

-   **Node.js 18.0.0** or later
-   **Yarn 3.0.2** or later
-   macOS, Windows (including WSL), and Linux are supported.

## System Requirements

## Get Started

### setup

1 . Clone the forked repository and open the created directory

```shell
git clone https://github.com/<YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME>/revert.git
cd revert

```

2 . Install dependencies

```shell
yarn
```

3 . backend setup

# @revertdotdev/backend

```shell
# Copy the example env file
cp packages/backend/.env.example packages/backend/.env

# Update this .env file with your own secrets if you'd like to.
```

### Fern setup

-   Login with Fern with `fern login`.
-   To generate Fern drive code locally, run `yarn fern` in the root folder of this repo. This will create the `packages/backend/generated` folder with the generated code.

### Setup Redis

-   Have a redis instance running locally or use https://upstash.com/ to get a redis url.
-   Update the redis url in `.env`

### Seed the database

```shell
# seed the database with sample data
yarn workspace @revertdotdev/backend db-seed
```

### Running the API locally

-   Run

```shell
yarn workspace @revertdotdev/backend dev
```

to the run service locally at `:4001`

4 . client setup

# @revertdotdev/client

```shell
# Copy the example env file
cp packages/client/.env.example packages/client/.env

# Update this .env file with your own secrets if you'd like to.
```

1. Generate a Tunnel URL

-   First, generate a tunnel URL using `ngrok http <4001 or YOUR_SERVER_PORT>`
-   Copy this URL to your clipboard as you'll need it in the next steps.

2. Configure Clerk Webhook Endpoint

-   Access your Clerk dashboard (Sign up on https://clerk.com/ if you have note already).
-   Navigate to the webhook settings or configuration section.
-   Ensure that the webhook endpoint is set to `<YOUR_LOCALHOST_OR_PUBLIC_URL>/clerk/webhook`
-   Ensure that you are listening to the `user.created` event by ticking the `user`object under `Message Filtering`

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dfcnic8wq/image/upload/v1702896296/Revert/Docs/ioj7i0dj97dzcmgb95p2.png" />

3. Sign Up in Your Application

-   Use your application to sign up a new user. This action will trigger a user creation event.
-   In your Clerk dashboard, you should now see a `user.created` object associated with the newly signed-up user.

4. Testing with Postman

-   To verify that Clerk is sending user creation notifications to your endpoint, you can use Postman for testing.

-   Open Postman and create a new request.

-   Set the HTTP method to POST.

-   In the request's URL field, use `http://localhost:4001/clerk/webhook`. This is the endpoint Clerk will send webhook events to.

-   In the request body, paste the `user.created` object that you copied from your Clerk dashboard.

Commit message:

docs: update `developer-guides.mdx` with steps to install PostgreSQL (#477)

fern/docs/contents/developer-guides.mdx, after:

# Requirements

## System Requirements

Before you start, make sure you have the following applications and their minimum versions installed, in addition to Node.js and yarn (as mentioned earlier):

-   **Node.js 18.0.0** or later
-   **Yarn 3.0.2** or later
-   macOS, Windows (including WSL), and Linux are supported.

## System Requirements

## Get Started

### setup

1 . Clone the forked repository and open the created directory

```shell
git clone https://github.com/<YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME>/revert.git
cd revert

```

2 . Install dependencies

```shell
yarn
```

3 . backend setup

# @revertdotdev/backend

```shell
# Copy the example env file
cp packages/backend/.env.example packages/backend/.env

# Update this .env file with your own secrets if you'd like to.
```

### Fern setup

-   Login with Fern with `fern login`.
-   To generate Fern drive code locally, run `yarn fern` in the root folder of this repo. This will create the `packages/backend/generated` folder with the generated code.

### Setup Redis

-   Have a redis instance running locally or use https://upstash.com/ to get a redis url.
-   Update the redis url in `.env`

### Setup PostgreSQL

-   Install PostgreSQL on the system before seeding the database with sample data
-   Refer https://www.postgresql.org/download/ for instructions.
-   Get a PostgreSQL url and update it in `.env`

### Seed the database

```shell
# seed the database with sample data
yarn workspace @revertdotdev/backend db-seed
```

### Running the API locally

-   Run

```shell
yarn workspace @revertdotdev/backend dev
```

to the run service locally at `:4001`

4 . client setup

# @revertdotdev/client

```shell
# Copy the example env file
cp packages/client/.env.example packages/client/.env

# Update this .env file with your own secrets if you'd like to.
```

1. Generate a Tunnel URL

-   First, generate a tunnel URL using `ngrok http <4001 or YOUR_SERVER_PORT>`
-   Copy this URL to your clipboard as you'll need it in the next steps.

2. Configure Clerk Webhook Endpoint

-   Access your Clerk dashboard (Sign up on https://clerk.com/ if you have note already).
-   Navigate to the webhook settings or configuration section.
-   Ensure that the webhook endpoint is set to `<YOUR_LOCALHOST_OR_PUBLIC_URL>/clerk/webhook`
-   Ensure that you are listening to the `user.created` event by ticking the `user`object under `Message Filtering`

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dfcnic8wq/image/upload/v1702896296/Revert/Docs/ioj7i0dj97dzcmgb95p2.png" />

3. Sign Up in Your Application

-   Use your application to sign up a new user. This action will trigger a user creation event.
-   In your Clerk dashboard, you should now see a `user.created` object associated with the newly signed-up user.

4. Testing with Postman

-   To verify that Clerk is sending user creation notifications to your endpoint, you can use Postman for testing.

-   Open Postman and create a new request.

-   Set the HTTP method to POST.

-   In the request's URL field, use `http://localhost:4001/clerk/webhook`. This is the endpoint Clerk will send webhook events to.

-   In the request body, paste the `user.created` object that you copied from your Clerk dashboard.
